# Students-Affairs-website
 simulation of student affairs website for university  This website designed to used by administrators of college.  website hase the following features:  Admin can: • add a new student to the system. Student information includes id, name, date of birth, GPA, gender, level, status=”active”, “inactive”, department, email, mobile number. • update an existing student information ( except department field should be shown disabled for editing ). • delete an existing student data through a delete button in edit student data page with a confirmation dialogue for the action before deletion occurs. • search for “active” students by name in search for students screen and students with similar names having active status should be rendered as a table. • select a specific student after searching to assign a department through the student’s department assignment page. The page should include student ID, name and a dropdown list for available departments and a submit button.This action is applicable for students if level = 3 else an error should be shown to the user with a clear understandable error message. • view all active/inactive students in a separate page rendered in a table with a related set of attributes only. • change the status of student from active to inactive or vice versa from the table viewing all students.  This project created by team: • Abd-Allah Mohsen Hafez (leader)• Ali Mohamed Abdelaty (me)• Mohamed Mahmoud Mourad • Islam Abd-Elglil Mahmoud • Shadia Hussein Mahmoud • Shrouq Ahmed Basuoni
